Initial instructions for Amazon Linux 2 (#339)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/install/pages/amazon-linux2-install.adoc

= Amazon Linux 2 Installation
:page-edition: enterprise

[abstract]

> Couchbase Server version 6.0.1 adds support for the Amazon Linux 2 platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructions for installing Couchbase Server on Amazon Linux 2.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Amazon Linux 2 is supported with Couchbase Server 6.0.1+.
See xref:install-platforms.adoc[Supported Operating Systems] for details.

```

= Amazon Linux 2 Installation
:page-edition: enterprise

[abstract]

> Couchbase Server version 6.0.1 adds support for the Amazon Linux 2 platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructions for installing Couchbase Server on Amazon Linux 2.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Amazon Linux 2 is supported with Couchbase Server 6.0.1+.
See xref:install-platforms.adoc[Supported Operating Systems] for details.

```
